Now, welcome to the last section in this lesson.
Once you're done here, you will start with a final project,
but before we get there,
let's discuss a few more concepts you may need.
Now, the first thing we focus on would be the task of grouping
lidar points based on the regions of interests we get from the other framework,
and then we'll briefly look at a way to
avoid grouping lidar points which belong to different objects.
Based on this initial grouping,
we will assemble a set of 3D objects,
and extract a set of properties such as distance to the closest point,
the number of supporting lidar points,
as well as the object width in meters.
Once we're finished with that,
we have a set of 3D objects for every time step,
so that means for every tenth of a second.
The final project, you will shortly be using
key point matches between images to connect those 3D objects and time,
and to compute the time to collision for them.
So let's jump right in,
and then move on to the final project.